feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancelonganimationframetiming/scripts/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming: scripts property"

> short-title: attribution

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short-title: scripts
```

slug: Web/API/PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming/scripts
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming.scripts
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`scripts`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns an array of {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`scripts`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns an array of {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} objects.
```

> The **`scripts`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns an array of {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`scripts`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns an array of {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} objects.
```

> Script attribution is only provided for scripts running in the main thread of a page, including same-origin `<iframe>`s. Cross-origin `<iframe>`s, [web workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Workers_API), [service workers](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Service_Worker_API), and [extension](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions) code will not have script attribution in long animation frames, even if they impact the duration of one.

Author: updated

## Value

> An {{jsxref("Array")}} of {{domxref("PerformanceScriptTiming")}} objects.

Author: link removed. I think you're right — it adds unnecessary noise.
